Added deprecation messages for Xamarin and UWP (#17)
PSPDFKit/Xamarin-UWP: README.md

- Xamarin.Android Bindings for PSPDFKit for Android: [PSPDFKit/Xamarin-Android](https://github.com/PSPDFKit/Xamarin-Android)
- Xamarin.iOS Bindings for PSPDFKit for iOS: [PSPDFKit/Xamarin-iOS](https://github.com/PSPDFKit/Xamarin-iOS)

> <blockquote><b>Note</b>:</br>- Nutrient Xamarin SDK (formerly known as PSPDFKit Xamarin SDK) has been deprecated and replaced by <a href="https://www.nutrient.io/guides/ios/dotnet/"><u>Nutrient .NET for iOS</u></a> and <a href="https://www.nutrient.io/guides/android/dotnet/"><u>Nutrient .NET for Android</u></a>. All Nutrient Xamarin licenses will remain valid and fully supported until 1 December 2025, or until your license expires, whichever occurs later.</br>- Nutrient UWP SDK (formerly known as PSPDFKit UWP SDK) has been deprecated, in line with <a href='https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/get-started/windows-developer-faq#deprecations-and-migrations'>Microsoft's decision</a> to gradually phase out UWP by limiting updates to bug fixes and security patches. All Nutrient UWP licenses will continue to work and be supported until 1 December 2026, or until your license expires, whichever occurs later.</br> Interested in transitioning to another Nutrient product? <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/company/contact'>Contact us</a> and we are happy to help.</blockquote>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<blockquote><b>Note</b>:</br>- Nutrient Xamarin SDK (formerly PSPDFKit Xamarin for iOS and PSPDFKit Xamarin for Android) has been deprecated and replaced by <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/guides/ios/dotnet/'>Nutrient .NET for iOS</a> and <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/guides/android/dotnet/'>Nutrient .NET for Android</a>. All Nutrient Xamarin licenses will remain valid and fully supported until 1 December 2025, or until your license expires, whichever occurs later.</br>- Nutrient UWP SDK (formerly PSPDFKit for Windows) has been deprecated, in line with <a href='https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/get-started/windows-developer-faq#deprecations-and-migrations'>Microsoft’s decision</a> to gradually phase out UWP by limiting updates to bug fixes and security patches. All Nutrient UWP licenses will continue to work and be supported until 1 December 2026, or until your license expires, whichever occurs later.</br> Interested in transitioning to another Nutrient product? <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/company/contact'>Contact us</a>  and we’ll be happy to help.</blockquote>
```

> <blockquote><b>Note</b>:</br>- Nutrient Xamarin SDK (formerly PSPDFKit Xamarin for iOS and PSPDFKit Xamarin for Android) has been deprecated and replaced by <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/guides/ios/dotnet/'>Nutrient .NET for iOS</a> and <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/guides/android/dotnet/'>Nutrient .NET for Android</a>. All Nutrient Xamarin licenses will remain valid and fully supported until 1 December 2025, or until your license expires, whichever occurs later.</br>- Nutrient UWP SDK (formerly PSPDFKit for Windows) has been deprecated, in line with <a href='https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/get-started/windows-developer-faq#deprecations-and-migrations'>Microsoft’s decision</a> to gradually phase out UWP by limiting updates to bug fixes and security patches. All Nutrient UWP licenses will continue to work and be supported until 1 December 2026, or until your license expires, whichever occurs later.</br> Interested in transitioning to another Nutrient product? <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/company/contact'>Contact us</a> and we’ll be happy to help.</blockquote>

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
> [!NOTE] 
> - Nutrient Xamarin SDK (formerly PSPDFKit Xamarin for iOS and PSPDFKit Xamarin for Android) has been deprecated and replaced by <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/guides/ios/dotnet/'>Nutrient .NET for iOS</a> and <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/guides/android/dotnet/'>Nutrient .NET for Android</a>. All Nutrient Xamarin licenses will remain valid and fully supported until 1 December 2025, or until your license expires, whichever occurs later.
> - Nutrient UWP SDK (formerly PSPDFKit for Windows) has been deprecated, in line with <a href='https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/get-started/windows-developer-faq#deprecations-and-migrations'>Microsoft’s decision</a> to gradually phase out UWP by limiting updates to bug fixes and security patches. All Nutrient UWP licenses will continue to work and be supported until 1 December 2026, or until your license expires, whichever occurs later.
>
> Interested in transitioning to another Nutrient product? <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/company/contact'>Contact us</a> and we’ll be happy to help.
```
<img width="1066" alt="image" src="https://github.com/user-attachments/assets/d86473bf-3744-4dcc-9282-96f5c7908797">

> <blockquote><b>Note</b>:</br>- Nutrient Xamarin SDK (formerly PSPDFKit Xamarin for iOS and PSPDFKit Xamarin for Android) has been deprecated and replaced by <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/guides/ios/dotnet/'>Nutrient .NET for iOS</a> and <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/guides/android/dotnet/'>Nutrient .NET for Android</a>. All Nutrient Xamarin licenses will remain valid and fully supported until 1 December 2025, or until your license expires, whichever occurs later.</br>- Nutrient UWP SDK (formerly PSPDFKit for Windows) has been deprecated, in line with <a href='https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/get-started/windows-developer-faq#deprecations-and-migrations'>Microsoft’s decision</a> to gradually phase out UWP by limiting updates to bug fixes and security patches. All Nutrient UWP licenses will continue to work and be supported until 1 December 2026, or until your license expires, whichever occurs later.</br> Interested in transitioning to another Nutrient product? <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/company/contact'>Contact us</a>  and we’ll be happy to help.</blockquote>

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<blockquote><b>Note</b>:</br>- Nutrient Xamarin SDK (formerly PSPDFKit Xamarin for iOS and PSPDFKit Xamarin for Android) has been deprecated and replaced by <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/guides/ios/dotnet/'>Nutrient .NET for iOS</a> and <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/guides/android/dotnet/'>Nutrient .NET for Android</a>. All Nutrient Xamarin licenses will remain valid and fully supported until 1 December 2025, or until your license expires, whichever occurs later.</br>- Nutrient UWP SDK (formerly PSPDFKit for Windows) has been deprecated, in line with <a href='https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/windows/apps/get-started/windows-developer-faq#deprecations-and-migrations'>Microsoft’s decision</a> to gradually phase out UWP by limiting updates to bug fixes and security patches. All Nutrient UWP licenses will continue to work and be supported until 1 December 2026, or until your license expires, whichever occurs later.</br> Interested in transitioning to another Nutrient product? <a href='https://www.nutrient.io/company/contact'>Contact us</a> and we’ll be happy to help.</blockquote>
```
